# Malima Collector
### Overview
Malima Collector is a SpringBoot Web Application which collects data related to an in-development project from different 
development tools. The application can be configured to extract the information from custom addresses depending on the
particular setup of the development tools. It also provides extendable amounts of information with regards with the
different services. There are currently 7 tools supported by the application with different implementations: Confluence,
Gitlab, Jenkins, Jira, Mattermost, Rundeck and Sonar.

Confluence:
- confluence pages regarding the project
- links to the aforementioned pages

Gitlab:
- general project information
- link to project

Jenkins:
- display projects
- display pipeline status

Jira:
- display tasks related to projects
- links to the aforementioned tasks

Mattermost:
- display current user information
- ability to search throughout all posts in all channels

Rundeck:
- display project information
- display all running jobs

Sonar:
- display project information
- display information about coding issues
- display the status of issues

### Database
MySQL 8

The database is generated by using a JPA Repository and an Entity class in order to determine whether a service is running
or not. The database contains information about users, user roles, persistent logins and the status of services, each in a
different table. 

Users table:
- usernames
- email address
- encrypted password

User Roles table:
- usernames
- role assigned to each user

Persistent login table:
- users which have selected to have their session stored
- session token

Status table:
- service name
- service address
- service status

### Prerequisites
In order to utilize all the features of the application, a user needs to have access to each of the services that the application
displays information about. A local address needs to be provided in the **application.yml** file for each service. It is also
necessary to provide an admin username and password for each service or a personal access token and user id where this option is
the preferred one (Gitlab service and Mattermost service). As the application runs in a Java environment, there needs to be a JRE
installed on the local machine (version 1.8 and above) and since it uses a MySQL database to store data it is required to have it
installed as well (version 8 and above).

### Configuration
application.yml

### Technologies used
Java, Spring Boot, JPA, Hibernate, MySQL, Thymeleaf
